this Mother's creams are
[Applause]
evidence moments before his son's body
was bowed from a mass grave at the
Nasser Hospital compound in Khan
yunus Dr mamed from Gaza civil defenses
showing videos and pictures to a room
full of reporters he wants the world to
see the dozens of bodies they found and
to answer for
them like that of Hal FIS a young girl
discovered with her legs
amputated we found the bodies of a
number of children we have questions why
do we have children in M
Graves a child a patient is still in his
crops a man with his hands tied a p to
the
head in the past weeks Dr maa's teams
have gathered forensic evidence from
nearly 400 bodies their report finds
signs of samary executions and physical
torture feel about the
some bodies still had the canula on them
which shows they were patients who were
receiving treatment in the Naser
Hospital approximately 10 bodies were
found with their hands tied and we need
further forensic Examination for 20
bodies for people we think might have
been buried
alive they are asking for an independent
investigation to check the findings and
document them the Israeli military
dismissed accusations its forces buried
bodies before the withdraw from the
compound as baseless Israeli troops have
bowed out of gaza's two main hospitals
in recent weeks several defense Crews
later dug up dozens of corpses from two
Mass graves in the shiat medical center
in Gaza City while at least 392 buddies
were discovered in three different sites
on the grounds of nassa Hospital more
than half of them have yet to be
identified plunging their families in
constant anguish
by God I can no longer bear it every day
I come here in search since the day he
went missing and every day I come two or
three times to search please whoever
knows any information about him should
tell me is he alive or was he taken by
the Israelis or
anything now the US is joining calls
from the EU and the UN demanding an
explanation from Israel calling the
discoveries deeply disturbing Gaza civil
defense has asked for an independent
investigation committee and delegation
specializing in forensic analysis since
most of gaza's facilities have been
destroyed they are hoping to find the
full image about what happened during
Israeli raids on nasar hospital and to
give the families of those being killed
the answers they were looking
for Tark abum Al jazer rafah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer